docs: Minor fixes & rewordings to the documentation (#682)
dynatrace-oss/dynatrace-monitoring-as-code: documentation/docs/documentation.md

# Welcome to the Monaco docs

<p>

> Monaco is a monitoring-as-code (MAC) create, update and version your monitoring configurations in Dynatrace efficiently and at scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monaco is a "monitoring as code" tool that allows you to create, update and version your monitoring configurations in Dynatrace efficiently and at scale.
```

You've dropped part of that sentence :) 
Also I'd suggest to simply spell our 'monitoring as code' and keep it as individual words, as infrastructure as code usually is
